Add `marketplace[interregional_retailer]` to captures and capture refunds (#178)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/changes/changes.md

Sorted by descending timestamp.

#### Add marketplace regional purchase indicator to captures and capture refunds
The `marketplace` concept has been added to captures and capture refunds. The

> `marketplace[regional_purchase]` parameter is optional with default `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`marketplace[regional_purchase]` parameter is required if the merchant is a
marketplace.
```

Because we are considering this option.

Reviewer: We should also add a timestamp for when the requirement is enforced.

Author: Should we run this by the @clearhaus/partner team to land on a date for enforcement?

Reviewer: Yeah, let's do that :+1:

Reviewer: I've asked internally and am awaiting answers :heavy_check_mark:

Reviewer: For people following this: The requirement will be enforced for new marketplaces right away (when deployed).

Sorted by descending timestamp.

> #### Add marketplace regional purchase indicator to captures and capture refunds
> The `marketplace` concept has been added to captures and capture refunds. The
> `marketplace[regional_purchase]` parameter is required if the merchant is a
> marketplace.

Reviewer: Naming is hard. We are currently considering replacing `regional_purchase` with `interregional_retailer`.

```suggestion
#### Add marketplace interregional retailer indicator to captures and capture refunds
A `marketplace` concept has been added to captures and capture refunds. The
`marketplace[interregional_retailer]` parameter is required if the merchant is
a marketplace.
```
